## Accounting Equation, Balance Sheet and Income Statement

### Five different types of accounts
  * Assets
  * Liabilities
  * Equity
  * Revenue or Income
  * Expenses

### Accounting Equation   
  * Assets = Liabilities + Owner's (or StockHolder's) Equity   

The above accounting equation is also sometimes expanded as    
  * Assets = Liabilities + Paid_In_Capital + Revenues - Expenses - Dividends - Treasury Stock



### Balance Sheet   
The Balance Sheet is also known as the statement of financial position and it reflects the accounting equation. The Balance Sheet reports a company's Assets,
Liabilities and Owner's Equity at a specific point in time.

### Income Statement    
Income Statement is also known as Profit and Loss statement. It lists only the income and expense accounts. Income and Expense accounts are yearly or temporary accounts. 
At the beginning of the next fiscal year, when **Net Income** is been posted to retained earnings, the income and expense accounts are zeroed out - their balances reset to zero.

Income Statement reports a company's revenues and expenses, and the resulting Net Income. While the *Balance Sheet* is concerned with one point in time, the *Income Statement* 
covers a time interval or period of time. The Income Statement will explain part of the change in the owner's equity during the time interval between two balance sheets.

### Chart of Accounts   
A Chart of Accounts is the listing of the names of the (financial) accounts, that a company has identified and made available for recording transactions in its general ledger.
